Capi docs (#622)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/charm/howto/charm.md

## Bootstrap the cluster

Installing the `k8s` charm sets up all the parts required to run Kubernetes.

> You can watch it progress using juju status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch the installation progress using juju status:
```
